CrowdStrike Threat Intel C2C Source (#4656)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/crowdstrike-threat-intel-source.md

---
id: crowdstrike-threat-intel-source
title: CrowdStrike Threat Intel Source
sidebar_label: CrowdStrike Threat Intel
tags:
  - cloud-to-cloud
  - crowdstrike-threat-intel
description: Learn how to collect combined endpoint vulnerabilities data from the CrowdStrike Spotlight platform.
---
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import ExampleJSON from '/files/c2c/crowdstrike-threat-intel/example.json';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/crowdstrike-threat-intel/example.json';
import TerraformExample from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/crowdstrike-threat-intel/example.tf';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/security-threat-detection/crowdstrike.png')} alt="thumbnail icon" width="85"/>

> CrowdStrike is the leader in next-generation endpoint protection, threat intelligence, and response services. CrowdStrike’s core technology, the Falcon platform, stops breaches by preventing and responding to all types of attacks — both malware and malware-free. The CrowdStrike Threat Intel integration ingests the indicator data from CrowdStrike Combined API and sends it to Sumo Logic as normalized threat indicator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrowdStrike is the leader in next-generation endpoint protection, threat intelligence, and response services. CrowdStrike’s core technology, the Falcon platform, stops breaches by preventing and responding to all types of attacks — both malware and malware-free. The CrowdStrike Threat Intel integration ingests the indicator data from CrowdStrike Combined API and sends it to Sumo Logic as normalized threat indicator information.
```

In this configuration, you will set up the CrowdStrike Threat Intel and configure it to be authorized and authenticated to use indicator information from CrowdStrike Threat Intel API. To obtain the auth token, you will need the following parameters.

#### API Client and API Secret

The **API security token** is used to authenticate with CrowdStrike Threat Intel API. After successfully creating the API client, you will get the **Client Id**, **Client Secret**, and **Base URL**.

To get the **CrowdStrike API Client**, follow the steps below:

1. Sign in to [CrowdStrike Platform](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/login/).
1. Sign in using your email address and password. After you've completed the two-factor authentication, you'll be directed to the application dashboard.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-login-screen.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="crowdstrike-spotlight-login-screen.png" width="600" />

> 1. From the CrowdStrike console, select the **Support and resources** option from the menu.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-support-and-resources.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-fspotlight-support-and-resources.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the CrowdStrike console, select the **Support and resources** option from the menu.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-support-and-resources.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-fspotlight-support-and-resources.png>" width="800" />
```

> 1. In the **Resources and tools** section, select the **API clients and keys** option. You can then view existing clients or add new API clients from there.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-api-key-client.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-spotlight-api-key-client.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Resources and tools** section, select the **API clients and keys** option. You can then view existing clients or add new API clients from there.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-api-key-client.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-spotlight-api-key-client.png>" width="800" />
```

> 1. Click **Add new API client**. You will be prompted to give a descriptive name and select the appropriate API scopes.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-new-client.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-spotlight-new-client.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Add new API client**. You will be prompted to give a descriptive name and select the appropriate API scopes.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-new-client.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-spotlight-new-client.png>" width="800" />
```

1. Provide a proper name and description and select the **indicators(Falcon Intelligence):read scope** scope. Click on `ADD` to complete the process.

> 1. After you click on `ADD` a dialogue box will appear with the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Base URL**. Copy and save the Client Id, Client Secret, and Base URL to a folder location because you will need them while configuring the [CrowdStrike Threat Intel Source](#source-configuration).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-copy-creds.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-spotlight-copy-creds.png>" width="600" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After you click on `ADD` a dialogue box will appear with the **Client ID**, **Client Secret**, and **Base URL**. Copy and save the Client Id, Client Secret, and Base URL to a folder location because you will need them for the [source configuration](#source-configuration).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory-copy-creds.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="<crowdstrike-spotlight-copy-creds.png>" width="600" />
```

1. In **Region**, choose the region as per your Base URL. See [Region](#region) section to know your region.
1. In **Client ID**, enter the Client ID you generated and secured from the [API Client](#api-client-and-api-secret) section.
1. In **Client Secret**, enter the Client Secret you generated and secured from the [API Secret](#api-client-and-api-secret) section.
1. In **Sumo Logic Threat Intel Source ID**, enter the Sumo Logic namespace in which the indicators are stored.
1. (Optional) In **Mallicious Confidence**, enter the type of confidence to collect data from. Possible values: `high`, `medium`,`low`, or `unverified`.
1. The **Polling Interval** is set for one hour by default, you can adjust it based on your needs. This sets how often the integration will fetch complete vulnerability instance data that has been updated within most recent polling interval duration.
1. When you are finished configuring the Source, click **Save**.

## JSON schema

> Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [how to use JSON to configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [Use JSON to Configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 
```
